for this area the minds not operating
neither sites using anything that should
draw this much power we're gonna have to
sweep the area
there's a detachment of troops ahead
right about where we want to be
I'll give these to someone see if they
can build a map keep tracing them
the avengers' present
that's another power line these things
are everywhere
these power lines
power pipe is heavy
or power cabling this infrastructure
must have taken a lot to build there's
no evidence of a being constructed no
plans nothing
komm chatters putting the arkady
commander at the east end of the mine
the UAVs pinpointed his location
so much for militia intelligence they
did you come today see what the
operative had with him and we have a
door what the hell is it doing here GPS
locators this none of that belongs into
Sangha whatever's hiding behind that
doors got to be important transmitting
codes well what do you say Alice ready
to go down the rabbit hole let's find
out what's in there